The Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan, China, where the first cases of COVID-19 were initially linked, is located in the city's Jianghan District. The exact 
address of the market is No. 1 Jinyintan Avenue, a few kilometers from the city center. The market covers an area of approximately 50,000 square meters and is known for 
selling a variety of live and dead animals, including seafood, poultry, and exotic animals such as snakes and civet cats. However, it is important to note that while the 
market may have played a role in the early spread of the virus, it is not clear if it was the sole source of transmission, as the virus has since been found to be 
circulating in other parts of the city, and potentially even outside of China, prior to the identification of the first cases linked to the market.

Yes, there have been several documentaries produced by various media outlets about the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan and its connection to the early spread of
COVID-19. Some examples include:

"The Virus Hunters" by PBS Nova (2020)
"China's Deadly Secret" by Dateline NBC (2020)
"The Wuhan Virus: How to Stop a Pandemic" by Sky News (2020)
"Inside the Outbreak: The Hunt for Covid-19" by Channel 4 News (2020)
These documentaries investigate the origins of the virus, the early stages of the outbreak, and the possible role that the market may have played in the spread of the
virus. They also explore the efforts of scientists, researchers, and public health officials to contain the outbreak and develop treatments and vaccines for COVID-19.

Some of these documentaries may be available to view for free, depending on the platform and location. Here are some options:

"The Virus Hunters" by PBS Nova is available to stream for free on the PBS website: www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/video/the-virus-hunters
"China's Deadly Secret" by Dateline NBC is available to stream for free on the NBC News website: www.nbcnews.com/dateline/video/dateline-full-episode-china-s-deadly-secret-94954885808
"Inside the Outbreak: The Hunt for Covid-19" by Channel 4 News is available to stream for free on the Channel 4 website (UK residents only): www.channel4.com/news/inside-the-outbreak-the-hunt-for-covid-19
"The Wuhan Virus: How to Stop a Pandemic" by Sky News may be available to view on the Sky News website, but some content may require a subscription or login.
It's also worth checking streaming platforms such as YouTube or Vimeo, as some of these documentaries may have been uploaded there by the creators or other users.
