https://youtu.be/f8GXJOel1os?si=VKqae-ItZKq1TWNY

You've probably seen these manifestation videos that tell you that everything that you want already exists, that you just need to relax, as if all of the sudden, 
the Amazon delivery person is going to show up on your front doorstep with a million dollars to deposit directly into your bank account. It's not that any of these 
principles are incorrect. It's that most of us don't understand them. And in fact, what we're doing most of the time is exactly the opposite of what we need to be 
doing in order to create the reality that we want. So, in this episode, I'm going to share with you three things that each and every one of us are doing on an average
daily basis that are preventing us from actually materializing our dreams.

Whether it's making more money, changing your health, having better relationships, it is true. Everything that you want actually already exists. But the question is, 
why is it not showing up in my real life experience? That's what we're going to unpack in today's episode of a Changed Mind. All right, guys. Today's the big brother 
episode. Not that I'm going to be spying on you, but a woman who's in our community recently said, Dave, you're like the older brother that I never had. So, what she 
meant is you just tell it how it is. And I'm going to tell it how it is in today's episode,

because what I know to be true is that you have big goals, you have big dreams, and everything that you want is possible for you, but you're doing some very specific 
habits that are preventing what you want from materializing. And so, I want to talk about how this game called reality actually works. Now, look, I'm not up on a 
pedestal here. For years, I tried to change my life by doing all the things. You know, it was first it was by trying different strategies, then more hustle, more 
grind, trying to really control my external circumstances, and then when I got into personal growth, and I realized that wasn't the key that was going to unlock 
the door to my future,

I started doing personal growth really hard, like more self-help, more law of attraction, more events. I was working really hard at manifesting the life that I 
wanted. But the truth is is that I kept getting mostly the same life. Are you with me? So, I finally got this idea, right? I saw it. I read it. I heard it in some 
videos that the only way you can create a reality that you want is to stop paying attention to the reality that you don't want. And for years, I heard this. I was like, just stop paying attention to my problems. Just stop doing anything. Just ignore my reality. But it didn't make any sense.

So, I'm going to Dave explain it here so that you can understand what this really means. And if you get this, literally your whole life, your business, your career, 
your bank account, your whole world can change. Now, there are three specific things that we are doing that are getting in the way of us materializing the reality 
that you want. Before I get to those, the fundamental idea here is that what you put your attention on, you get more of. So, we've all heard this like where 
attention goes, energy flows. And so if you want to change your reality, you need to actually focus on what you want, and stop focusing on what you don't want, 
right?

And the great mystic Neville Goddard talks about this. He says, Everything that you want already exists right here, right now. The ancient said all of creation is 
already finished, and so my dream home is in vibrational form, right? The million dollars in my bank account is in vibrational form, the soulmate that I want to 
attract is right here, right now around me as if it's a holographic reality, what I need to do is I need to assume that I already have those things. Because then 
I will be at the frequency, or the vibration of those things, and then those things must manifest into my reality.

Now it sounds like a mouthful, but as you start to get into personal growth, you're like, yeah, that really makes sense. I have to calibrate or tune myself. I have
to start acting as if I already have the things, and then the things will become the byproduct of that shift in my inner being. Neville actually talks about a 
process, or a practice where you at you go to bed at night as your brain waves are shifting into alpha, or theta, or beta, or whatever it is, and you drift off 
into the feeling of having already accomplished your dreams, having already acquired that dream job, having already filled your bank account with millions of 
dollars.

And again, I love Neville, and all of these teachings are actually true. I talk about them in so many other episodes, but I can also tell you that I never woke up 
to a million dollars under my pillow. Like the million-dollar tooth fairy never visited the Bayer household. And principles like these can become frustrating. 
They can frustrate people. It's like, gosh, now I, now you've got me to buy into this idea that this is how reality works, but how do I actually do this? 
How do you pay attention to a reality that doesn't exist yet? And how do you ignore the reality and all the problems that are in it, that are in front of you 
right now?

Right? It's like, don't you feel sometimes like you're stuck between two realities, like two dimensions? It's like you have one leg in your current reality where 
you're stuck, or you're struggling, or you've got a bunch of problems that you don't want, but you're doing better in that reality because you've been doing 
personal growth. You know, your mindset's a little bit better. You, you can find gratitude for your situation. And then you've got another leg over here in the 
fourth dimension, right? In the reality that you want, but it hasn't quite materialized itself yet. It shows signs every once in a while that it's going to show 
up in your third dimension, but then the problems take over again like weeds in a garden.

You start to see these little flowers pop up like, Oh, finally, I'm gonna get the thing that I want. And then, like, it doesn't happen and then it's it's pretty 
exhausting, right? So, let's unpack this together. Okay? I'm going to I'm going to give you three things that you're doing right now. And what's what's interesting
of about two of these three things is that being able to accelerate your capacity to materialize the change that you want in your life is actually not about doing 
something different. It's about not doing the thing that you're doing that's preventing the manifestation from taking place. And then the third one is a shift in 
perception.

So, so the first distinction I would describe as your word is your wand, right? This is a this is a book written by one of my favorite authors and teachers. Her 
name is Florence Govshin. But she has a series of books and one of them is called your word is your wand. She talks about the power of the spoken word, and she 
says what you speak becomes your reality. The basic principle, right, that your words have power is literally all over the Bible. Like I would say, other than the 
instruction to not have fear, this explanation that your words have power.

Is like one of the most prominent things. In the Bible, Proverbs 18 says death and life are in the power of the tongue. Right? Matthew 12 says, By your words you 
will be acquitted, by your words you will be condemned. Psalm 141, Set a guard, O Lord, over my mouth, keep watch over the door of my lips. I mean, are you kidding 
me? Could this be any clearer? Like, so your words have power or as Shin says, your word is your wand. Okay? So, what we need to start doing if we want to transform 
our reality is we have to pay attention to the words that we speak, and notice I'm not saying here figure out how to change your reality.

I'm saying pay attention to the words that you're speaking. In particular, what you're saying that is reinforcing your current reality, and that is ignoring the 
reality that you want. In other words, we talk about our current reality quite a bit, don't we? And what you're speaking is the leading indicator of your vibration. 
Right? If our vibration or our thoughts or our beliefs are creating our reality, we should pay attention to what we speak because what you speak is a byproduct of 
what you're thinking and feeling.

If you understand basic behavioral psychology, you'll understand how simple this is. This is not woowoo. This is not new age, right? But behavioral psychology says 
what you think you feel, and what you feel you do. And what you do produces the results in your life. Really straightforward. And so that's why if you want to change
your reality, you have to change the way that you think because changing the way that you think changes the way that you feel, which changes what you do, which 
changes your results. But I don't know if you've noticed, sometimes it's hard to pick up on what it is you're thinking,

like thoughts are happening all the time, and they're happening so fast, while we're engaging with reality that it's hard to catch our thoughts, and feelings for 
many people are equally difficult to assess. I can ask, you know, a a a room full of 10 people how they feel, and five of them won't really be able to articulate 
what it is that they're feeling. It's just like I feel good, or I feel bad. So, your thoughts and your emotions, they happen beneath the radar, but they're the 
root cause. The byproduct of your thoughts and emotions is what you speak, right?

Speaking is an indication of what you're thinking, and what you're feeling. And so, you say, Things never work out for me. But that's what you're thinking and 
feeling. You say, I'm worried about this outcome. But that's an indication of what's going on inside of you. And what's going on inside of you will always 
materialize outside of you. That's how creation works. So, the first thing that we need to do, if we want to start shifting from the reality that we have with 
problems to the reality that we want with solutions, is to pay attention to what you speak.

It's an indicator of what you're thinking, and feeling, and it's a lot easier to control. Now, if I were to sit with you for an afternoon and just listen to what 
you had to say, I could tell you with the utmost precision what your life looks like, right? Your words are the leading indicator of your life. And so, you could 
say, Well, Dave, what good is it to stop saying things, or commenting on my current reality, if I'm still thinking and feeling it? My answer is, well, you start to 
starve the thoughts and the emotions, because they're fueled by the speech, and then that speech becomes action.

So this speech thing is the bridge between your inner world and your outer world. And if you blow up the bridge, everything that comes before it has less power, and 
what comes after it can not come anymore. If you stop speaking negativity into your life, or stop speaking about the situations, or circumstances that exist right 
now that you would like to pass, it will allow them to pass, so your words are the leading indicator of your life, but it's even more than behavioral psychology. 
Your word is your wand, because your words are dense, they're even more dense or physical than your thoughts and your emotion.

Your words are the final byproduct of the translation of very subtle thoughts into more noticeable emotions, and now that you what you speak is the first 
presentation of that inner vibration into your outer world. Right? You're actually broadcasting a frequency and reality is responding to that frequency. 
Think about it. What you speak is the first visible representation of what you're creating in the world. It is now external. It's traveled from inside of you to 
outside of you. And so, like Florence Goville Shin says, your word is your wand.

So you're literally broadcasting language into the world, but casting is a spell. You're spelling. You're spellcasting. That's what you're doing when you speak. 
You're casting spells. Letters are coming out of your mouth in the form of vibration, words that string together into concepts and you create that reality. All the
words we use to describe magic, or to break down language into letters, right? That's not by accident. The ancients understood this. Your speech is creative or 
destructive depending upon how you use it. 

So that's the first thing that we have to do if we want to really start to change our reality, is we have to stop speaking about the reality that we don't want and 
start speaking about the reality that we do want, have conversations in anticipation of the beautiful things that are making their way from the fourth dimension to 
the third dimension. Stop talking about the things that you don't want, what little money you have in your bank account, how much your body aches, right? Stop 
speaking about those things because your word is your wand. So this is the this is the first piece of ignoring your current reality and how to make sense of that 
recommendation in the context of manifestation.

Now the second thing is the quality of speech that we would call complaining, so your complaints compound your problems. See, most people don't know this, but your 
problems come to pass. All of us have problems. You're always going to experience things in your life that you don't expect, or things that don't seem to be in 
alignment with what you're wanting to create, or that seem to be challenges, or roadblocks between where you are and where you want to go. That's never going to 
end. And it's the same for all of us. But the question is whether or not your problem transforms into a solution, whether or not your problem comes to pass.

Problems are designed by nature to pass. They're like part of the everchanging dynamic of reality. All things come and go, right? Nature comes and goes. The sun 
rises, the sun sets. We come and go, right? We have an incarnation. We live, and then we pass, and then we die. Change is a fundamental principle in this system. 
And that's true also for your problems. Your problems are meant to change into what? Into solutions. But complaints compound your problems. As I mentioned before, 
most people pay too much attention to their current circumstances.

And not only do we speak into our reality, things that we do not want rather than things that we do want, but we engage in conversation with others about it. And 
this is what complaining is. Complaining is taking a problem and hardening it into our reality by enrolling other people into agreeing with us that this problem 
exists. What do we do when we complain? Right? We bring attention to the circumstances that we have that we don't like, and then we discuss them with others.

We socialize them. We post them on social media. We reinforce them. There's it's like there's some weird part of us that feels like we have to talk about what it is 
that we don't want, as if that's how we're going to get rid of it, or that that somehow complaining is going to make us feel better. Has complaining ever made you 
feel better? I can see if I really inquire within me, like why am I complaining about this? It's like I want someone's empathy. I want someone to tell me it's going 
to be okay. Somehow I think that talking about it might spark up a discourse around how I'm going to solve the problem.

I don't want to feel alone over here with my problems. And I get it. I get it. But, but what we're doing is we're bringing energy and attention to a manifestation 
in our reality that we're wanting to change. And we don't change something by bringing energy to it. We change something by starving, starving it out. We do not 
speak about it. We do not complain about it, and then when we really get good at this, we do not worry about it. We live in unshakable faith and we and we refuse 
the energy to that problem in our life.

And so it can no longer maintain itself. That problem has to come to pass. This is a very important thing to understand. Problems always come to pass. The third 
thing to understand here, watch what you speak, stop complaining, is to give proper perspective on what these things are that we call problems. And I would say that 
they are the seeds for your dreams. You say, Dave, how can that be? How can my health problem be the seed for my dream? How can the negative bank account balance 
that I carry in my bank account, and the significant amount of credit card debt be the seed for my dream?

And Abraham Hicks explains this really, really well. Abraham says, You experience problems because problems help you focus your Attention towards a desire. I, if 
you didn't experience what you don't want, you'd never really know what you do want. And the truth is, is that, you know, we've got 8 billion people on the planet 
right now, all creating their own realities. And those realities start to overlap. They bump into each other. So, you run into someone else's reality. And you get 
to determine whether you like that reality or you don't.

And that's okay. This is a natural part, as Abraham calls it, the sifting and the sorting through the buffet of life. Because each and every person has the right to 
create what they want to create. And in this overlap, we run into other people's creation, and the parts of their creation that we don't like, we call problems. I 
got a problem which is my boss. I got a problem which is my partner. I got a problem which is the market. I've got a problem which is AI replacement. I've got a 
problem which is my government.

But the problem is the seed for your preferences. It is the seed for your dreams. And because you're so powerful, because you're made in the image of the great 
creator itself or himself, you have the ability through the power of your attention to sculpt reality, and to create something different, to bring a solution into 
the world, and allow the problem to pass. And this is important to understand, because it'll allow you to give yourself permission to stop speaking about, and to 
stop complaining about the reality that you don't want.

The reality that I'm asking you to ignore, so that the reality that you've already called forth, which is in the waiting room called the fourth dimension, which is 
a byproduct of you running into problems and fine-tuning, and honing your desires and dreams, can manifest itself into your thirddimensional reality. So all of this 
is a structure to give context to. This what, on the surface level, seems like a crazy idea, which is ignore your reality, stop paying attention to your problems. 
We've been taught that we have to wrestle our problems to the ground.

Attack our problems and roll other people and helping us solve our problems. But the truth is, is that you ignore your problem. You ignore your problem. Your 
problem will transform into a solution. Because problems come not to stay, but they come to pass, and they exist to become the seed of inspiration for what it is 
that you want, and if you can develop the skill of noticing your problems, but then bringing your full attention to the solution or towards the desired outcome 
which has not yet manifest in your reality. Man, will you accelerate change in your life.

People will look from the outside in going this guy's a miracle maker. This woman's a miracle maker. I don't understand. It's like it's like she just speaks reality 
into existence. And it's like yes, that's what we were told. we have the gift and the privilege of being able to do is to speak reality into existence. But the 
problem is is we pay too much attention to the reality that we don't want, and we speak that reality into existence over and over and over again. You know what's 
really interesting is the philosophy that your reality is being refreshed on a moment-by-moment basis.

In other words, the fourth dimension is always streaming into the third dimension, but it seems like our third dimensional reality doesn't change cuz we keep 
putting the same song on replay. It's the same speaking, the same complaining, the same mistaking our problems for problems, rather than the catalyst for solutions 
and for desires and the expansion of our life, and so this is telling it to you straight. Stop paying attention to your problems. Now, you would say, But Dave, 
will they just disappear without me taking action? No.

Sometimes you'll be inspired, and you'll take some action, but you'll take action towards a solution, not actions against a problem. It sounds like a 2 millimeter 
distinction like it's just semantics, but it's not. When you step away from the problem, you allow the problem to change. New thoughts, new ideas occur for you, 
not to solve the problem, but to create the solution. Other people become active, which is what creates synchronicities, coincidences. Uh other People show up with 
the solution, other people become a part of the solution. But notice, it's all about becoming a part of the solution.

It's not becoming a part of solving the problem. We're not trying to solve the problem. We notice the problem, and that catalyzes in that moment in the fourth 
dimension, the solution is created. And now, our ability to experience the solution relies upon our capacity to ignore the problem, to align ourselves with the 
solution, not to entangle with the problem. This is what quantum entanglement is. Can you entangle with the solution that has not yet arrived? Or are you hooked by 
the problem that exists right here, right now? You know, it's important to understand that all the problems that you're experiencing right now are, again, as what 
Abraham would call old news.

They're the byproduct of old thoughts, old emotions, old speech, old focus. So in this moment, are you courageous enough? Are you faithful enough to ignore the 
problem and to direct your attention towards something else, towards the solution or anything else? Sometimes the business plan I give the entrepreneurial clients 
that I'm working on who are trying to attack a problem is go for a walk, go spend time with your kids, go grab a cup of coffee, what do you enjoy doing, go 
surfing, go play with your furry friend,

step away from the frequency of the problem, ignore it and allow the solution to emerge, right? Step away from your thirddimensional reality, and allow your fourth 
dimension to manifest or materialize, so this is the teaching, everything that you want already exists right here, right now. That's true. In order for us to change 
our reality, meaning to allow that fourthdimensional vision to emerge into our thirddimensional sensory material space, we have to ignore our reality, right? We 
have to stop fighting with it.

The way that we do that is to watch our speech, right? Watch your speech because it is much easier to catch. Become very disciplined with what you say. In 
particular, notice the complaining. Cut it off. Starve the complaints and you'll starve the problem. And know that the problem is the seed to the solution that 
you're looking for. You would not have the desires that you have if you had not experienced the opposite of those desires, which we call a problem. But don't 
become committed to the problem. Be committed to the expansion.

And do that by ignoring your reality. So here's what I want to leave you with today. Okay? Again, the reality you have right now is just yesterday's thinking 
materialized. It is old news. Don't worship it. Don't complain about it. Don't keep speaking it back into existence. The reality that you actually want is right 
here, right now. It exists. The only thing standing between you and it is where your attention is going. So today, do me a favor. Catch yourself, right? Catch 
yourself. Be supportive of yourself. Notice the words. Notice the complaints.

Notice the dreams that you have been getting drowned out by everything that you keep saying about your life, and start choking off those problems by giving them no 
more talk time. And the problem that you're staring at, is actually the dream announcing itself. So, if this video landed for you, do me a favor. Share it with one 
person who needs to stop arguing with their current reality, and needs to start speaking into the next one, because they need to hear this. If you have not yet, 
please subscribe. Be a part of our community.

Generated by WayinVideo | https://wayin.ai/wayinvideo













































